Hi, the upload was then seen
by Eva and her colleagues
then they were surprised to see the
mysterious man who was already in Texas
quickly, of course it was
impossible to do in
such a short period of time Eva then asked
her colleagues to block the
post so it wouldn't go viral on
Felis's social media then
thanked the mysterious man because
he had saved his son from the
Tornado. Felis then asked
the man how he could
save his son from the
hurricane, then the man said that he
was a messenger of God.
Not long after, a police officer came
to do something.  the arrest of
the mysterious man on charges
of migrating illegally to
repay the kindness of the mysterious
man Felis hired a lawyer
to help the man in
Hai's trial, it turns out that the arrest was
made on orders from Eva who was worried that he
would  the occurrence of divisions
such as those caused by the
man in Israel and Palestine the
next day Eva went to meet the
mysterious man in the detention room to
interrogate him Eva asked what was the
purpose of the man Then the man
said that everything he did
was in the name of God as he
did  in the previous film,
he again exposed the problems that were being
faced by Eva at that time. It
made Eva teary-eyed
and made her unable to
stand being in that room with the man.
by
a lawyer who has been hired by
Felis see Eva asking the Judge to
detain the man in America so that he
remains under Eva's supervision
and cannot provoke any more in
other countries but the request
is rejected by the Judge and
instead the Judge will send the
man  back to his home country the
man then spoke up he
indirectly quipped and exposed the judge's disgrace
and the judge felt that what
the man said was true.
It was a very sensitive law,
all the media crew gathered
to the court building to cover the
incident.
Hi the next day the second trial
started there without a long talk. The
judge immediately decided to
release and inaugurate the man
as an American citizen.
This time America allowed Arab citizens to
live there as well as
state officials and the news spread
quickly in the crowd of the media crew. The
man was brought home by Feliz
Feliz was a bit more over the decision and
he was in the media spotlight.
A few days later everyone from all
over  the world  visit the Texas city which
is the residence of Felis and the
Messiah because everyone believes
that the man is the Lord Jesus,
the media crew are also in the city of Texas
to Cover the Messiah. On the other hand,
Eva also monitors the CCTV that
she had previously installed around the man's tent
.
Hi, meanwhile the followers of the Messiah
in Syria have been waiting for the arrival of the
leader they believe in as
the Savior, they have been
staying at the border for weeks
until the food aid is running out,
even when they are doing worship
one of the residents died of hunger until
they decided to return to  Syria
but Jibril refused because he was sure
that the man would come back and help
them all the same again convinced
Jibril to go by saying
that in fact the man had
turned into the God of the
Americans a cleric also explained
that the man was not Prophet Isa who
came back later they  finally
m  decided to take refuge in the nearest country,
namely Jordan, but Jibril
remained adamant to wait for the man
at the border while being forced to
leave him. Because he felt that
Jibril had apostatized while
finally going to America and doing
a disguise he bought a gun and
then left for Texas.
the mission to catch the man who
had made him branded as a
traitor to the country finally
went straight behind the man's tent and
pointed a gun at the same time
Eva saw the incident
glue ran over to him but when
Vira ate shot him suddenly he
became hesitant and canceled the mission the
man then left  leaving
aviram Eva then met and
told aviram that she was also
investigating the man Eva asked aviram
to cooperate because she also wanted to
know the man more
deeply as more and more
people came to the place where the
Messiah lived.  there were but not a few
who were disappointed because their wishes
could not be fulfilled at that time Eva got
information from her colleague who was in
Teran where she said that the man
was actually named Umbrella Golf sirih
who was a role person and her
colleague also said that there was someone
who claimed to be her brother  Hearing
this, Eva immediately tried to
investigate it. The next day
Rebecca's family started to pack up
because the man asked them to
follow him to a place where
Rebecca's father then prepared his car
and started the journey
with thousands of cars following
their journey of Gabut on the way of
many people on the side of the road.
The Messiah cheered, which indicated
that Almasih's followers were now
increasing, the number of vehicles
following her was increasing. At that time,
Rebecca kept taking photos of the man's face
and uploading it on
Instagram with the hashtag Almasih.
The followers immediately skyrocketed
to 700,000 and even every
minute her followers continued to grow
so fast that Rebecca's post
also went viral on TV until
people found out that the
Messiah was moving towards
Washington DC
Hi, thousands of vehicles were parked
in front of the White House waiting
for the arrival of the Messiah, the media crew  also
had gathered to Cover the
extraordinary event they finally
arrived and everyone started following the
man the man then stopped
in front of a pond and then started
preaching the man said that
now God is in front of them the
man then performed a
miracle by walking  Above the pool
suddenly the residents were amazed to see that everyone was
recording and covering the incident
they believed that the man
was really a messenger of God, even they
believed that he was God
himself. Jibril, on the other hand, began
with his life, he walked
naked.  The direction of the Israeli soldiers. Media TV
immediately covered his action and then
Jibril brought his body closer to the rifle
belonging to one of the Israeli soldiers.
Hi but I don't know why the Israeli soldier
couldn't bear to see it and
lowered his weapon. This incident
made all Palestinians excited
because this was the first time the army had  Israel, who is
usually very cruel to
Palestinians, can melt his heart in front of
a Palestinian teenager, Jibril is also
in the spotlight of Palestinians and he
is immediately taken to the center of
the Palestinian government on the other side of
Jordan. Samir stays in a
luxurious cottage. Samir is also served
very well there.  she was educated by
a great religious teacher on the
other hand Eva has managed to get
some information about the Messiah
and then showed it to the
minister of the American president
Hi but the data that Eva
has is still an assumption and
has not been able to prove that
the Messiah is a fake man  Teri also
rejected the data and told Eva to
look for more concrete evidence.
Hi in Washington, Rebecca's family
suddenly became rich, since she was close to
the Messiah, she bought a
special hotel for the man who she
considered God and the place was
never deserted by the media crew.  In
Tiran, Eva's colleagues have managed to
come to the house of the Messiah's
brother. If it was still called Ardan
go sirih, he was asked about his
sister's life as a child, then
when Ardan explained his life
with his sister, he was secretly recorded
on a laptop. Agan admits
that he was surprised to see  His younger brother, who
was suddenly worshiped by almost the entire
population of the Argan world, said that when he was
little his sister was smart and clever
in playing magic tricks, especially illusion tricks,
but he had a
delusional mental disorder that made him
claim to be
Hai Argen and then also performed
one of the illusion tricks that often
played by his sister  on the other hand the
president of the United States held
a secret meeting with the Messiah it
seems the president was also influenced
by him the man then ordered the
president to withdraw all
his troops at the border and
eliminate the rules that
discriminate against the people after the meeting
was over the man returned to the
hotel and answered the questions of the people
reporters he said that last night
he had a meeting with the President of the
United States suddenly all the reporters were
shocked and everyone increasingly believed
that the man was the real Isa Almasih
in Palestine Jibril was in the spotlight of
the Palestinian people and he was asked
to declare peace between
Israel and Palestine but he felt
doubtful  to do it because she is not
used to speaking in public on
the other hand Eva also managed to collect
evidence and facts about the man, the
man's real name is a
clique healer who suffers from delusional disorder and was
admitted to a mental hospital between  ma six months
later went to him and
told him that all the lies
would be exposed.
Hai on the other hand the president's mind
became chaotic because of the man's words the
president suddenly proposed peace
for his enemy countries the
ministers were confused because it was
a shameful act then the minister
was  started targeting the man nicknamed the
Messiah in Jordan impatiently not
realizing that he was being educated by
a radical activist figure I'll be
there sammer being taught teachings
covered in jihad and little by
little he began to be tempted to carry out
blue jihad Salem Jibril finally
made a declaration of peace which was
witnessed  by thousands of Jews and
also Muslims on the other hand also
patiently ready and escorted to carry out
his mission, namely to carry out a suicide bombing
at the place where Jibril was going to make a
declaration of peace.
H  ai Samir went straight into the
mosque and he opened his jacket right
in front of his own best friend everyone
then rushed out because they
saw the bomb on his body but
finally decided to cancel
his action because he was not ready but unfortunately the
teacher was patient to activate the bomb from
outside and the bomb was finally  the
death toll exploded due to the
bombing, including Eva's colleague
who was on duty there at that time, but it
showed that Jibril could still
survive there at the same
time in America the population was doing
a big event, namely two together
led by the Messiah
Hai but at that time  also the man
was kidnapped by aviram and
Felis's group was confused
looking for him, finally, mercy sent the
Messiah's message to board a plane to
send him back to Israeli custody,
it turned out that Vira was an order from
the American minister, the minister then
ordered CNN media to immediately
broadcast that  the man
they called God was actually a fake with
the evidence that had been collected the next day
news began to spread that the
Messiah turned out to be fake everyone was
disappointed to hear that including Felis
who was devastated and embarrassed to the point that he was
determined to burn his church on the other side of the
plane that  Aviram was on board and the
man suddenly exploded affirming realizing that
their plane had been planted with Boom
Hai but Aviram was surprised to see the
Messiah who remained calm even though the
plane was badly
damaged and was about to crash. Not long after
that the plane crashed in a field of
flowers and  a child saw the
incident the child approached the
location of the plane crash and not long
after that he finally realized he
was finally told by the child that he was
actually dead but the Messiah
brought him back to life and then
saw the Messiah who was still alive
even without the slightest wound on
his friend's body  then  worship
the Messiah because he is still alive
thanks to the denouement Still on the plane
Hey this film ends with a
big question mark Who is
this man if he is a fake Messiah
How can he bring
a dead person back to life and survive a
plane crash without him  the
slightest wound okay, that was the storyline of
the filme season 1 series whose story
will continue in Season 2 If you
like this video please help
to like share comments and of course
also subscribe to this channel I say goodbye and I'll
see you in the
next film storyline
[Music]